# demo-aspnet-angular
Integration Options for an Angular front-end and an ASP.Net Core MVC back-end API


## requirements
These solutions require Node/Npm and ASP.Net Core 2.1 SDK and Visual Studio 2017 (15.7, any edition) to be installed on the developer machine.

Download node/npm here: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
Download DotNet Core SDK here: https://www.microsoft.com/net/download

Some options require the angular cli to be installed with npm.

Check if it is installed:
    > ng -v

install the latest version:
    > npm install -g @angular/cli

# simple
The most basic option is a single Visual Studio SPA project for both the API back-end and the Angular front-end. The 'dotnet new' command that comes with DotNet Core 2.1 includes the template used by the following command.  You can also use the VS New project dialog to create the project.

    ..\solutionRoot> dotnet new angular –o simple-aspnet-spa-angular

Name the project as you wish, by changing the name after the -o option.

# combo
The combo solution includes two projects, one generated by the 'dotnet new' command included with the DotNet Core 2.1 SDK. The second requires the @angular/cli package to be installed globally with npm.

Create two projects with terminal commands:

    ..\solutionRoot> dotnet new mvc –o CompanyName.Product.MvcWeb
    ..\solutionRoot> ng new companyname-product-cli

Any version of the Angular CLI can be used, version 6.0.8 was used to generate this sample.

Then edit the MVC Startup.cs middleware and MSBuild steps in the .csproj file.

Run from Visual Studio works with and without debugging.  Debug only debugs the C# code, use Chrome to debug the Angular app. Debug will use the start task in the angular project to start it within node, and will support live reload as the Angular code is changed.

Publish from Visual Studio will run the Angular projects build task and include the output in the published content folder.
